#LyX file created by tex2lyx 2.2
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin /opt/ColourRobo/Report_Tex/
\textclass article
\begin_preamble


\usepackage[english]{babel}
\usepackage[style=numeric, backend=biber]{biblatex}
\usepackage{csquotes}
\addbibresource{bibliography.bib}
%opening
\title{RoboCup Final Project Report \\ Color Detection }
\author{Jakob Stimpfl \and Charlotte Burmeister}


\end_preamble
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding T1
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 0
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard

\begin_inset ERT
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\backslash
maketitle
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\begin_inset CommandInset toc
LatexCommand tableofcontents

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The Nao robot is a humanoid robot produced by Aldebaran. It is 574 mm high and has xx joints, controlled by stepper motors.+
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this project to goal was to enable the robot to listen to a color, interpret the color heard as RGB values and then point to this color.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Implementation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As predetermined by the course the Python Software Development Kit (SDK) was used. This SDK provides the use of C++ modules and enables the user to create own Python modules.
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
after ""
key "API"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Speech Detection
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The first part of the project aims at implementing a speech recognition and distinguish the different colors. Therefore the module "ALSpeechRecognition" was used. It provides the event listener "WordRecognized". When subscribed to this module, an event is thrown when a word is recognized from the vocabulary list which is specified beforehand. Once the event is detected and thrown, the program jumps to the method "OnColorHeard", there a simple if-query determines the color. Afterwards the next method is called which is described in the following section. 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Color Detection and Movement
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Goals reached
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The robot is able to listen to a color, detect this color and point towards it. 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Limitations
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
So far only the colors which are specified in the code can be detected by the robot. This limits the interaction possiblities. A more interactive approach would be that any color could be said or that the words can be specified by the person interacting with the robot, e.g. via speech input. But permitting the robot to detect more colors is difficult, as colors appear quite different in changing light conditions. Distinguishing black, red, blue and green is easier as the RGB values are very different.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\begin_inset ERT
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\backslash
printbibliography
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
